Hi there,

My name is Nathaniel Welch, I am currently a Computer Science student at Cal Poly in San Luis Obispo, CA, and I'm applying for your Backend Engineering position. 

For a little background information, my personal website is natwelch.com. I have a decent amount of experience with programing, both professionally and personally. The majority of my professional development has been in PHP at iFixit.com, where I designed and developed our entire reputation system along with a lot of UI design, server maintenance, public relations, and really anything else you can think of a twenty person startup needing. iFixit runs entirely on EC2 and S3, so I have a lot of experience with that as well. We use cloudfront as our CDN, and because of our teardowns, I know all about dynamic scaling of websites (nothing like normally getting 5,000 visits a day, and then getting 200,000 for one 24-hour period).

Outside of work and school, I love to learn. I've played around with a wide variety of languages, but in the last year or so, the one that has really stuck is Ruby. Usually how I learn is some sort of cool idea pops into my head, and then I implement it in whatever seems like a good idea, until I get another cool idea. Some example apps that I've made include an experiment with NoSQL and Ruby (https://github.com/icco/Project-Megan) and a little tool for note-taking using SQLite (https://github.com/icco/thestack). For my senior project I've been making a text-editor (https://github.com/icco/coffee_shop).  Also, my resume is backed by Ruby (https://github.com/icco/Resume). I've also been running a Linux system since 2002, and am very much in love with open-source and its community.

So ya, that's me. In my free time, when I'm not trying out some new crazy idea, I'm usually hiking and/or reading a book. I love music, enjoy a good beer and am a huge believer in open source. I won't actually be graduating until June, so this is more of a shot in the dark, but your company, and the problems you are trying to solve sound really awesome, so I hope you will consider me for the position.
