resume.md, before:

# Nathaniel Welch

 * <nat@natwelch.com>
 * <http://natwelch.com>

## Background

I am a software developer with an interest in communication and design. I enjoy experimenting with new things to expand my knowledge and I believe that creating ways for people to share knowledge is one of the greatest goals for mankind. 

I am an Eagle Scout and in my free time I enjoy contributing to open source projects, hiking, reading and listening to music.

My goal is to obtain a software development job at a small company, focusing on launching and building software for the web.

## Education

Computer Science, B.S.  
Fall 2006 - Spring 2011  
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo  

## Proficiency

I have been writing code, running servers and experimenting with new software since 2002. Most recently the majority of code I have written has been in Java, Ruby, Python and Bash, but I have experience in PHP, Javascript, Go, C, SML/NJ, SQL and F#.

## Experience

### Open Source Developer

I currently am a contributor to the open source project [fog](http://fog.io) and also a bunch of [other small projects](https://icco.github.io/).

### Google.com

#### Site Reliability Engineer - April 2012 to Present

I currently work as an SRE for Google Compute Engine in London. My job includes being part of an oncall rotation and writing software to maintain, monitor and optimize hundreds of thousands of servers globally. I also spend a decent amount of time analyzing processes used by the teams I work closely with to try and automate people out of a job, myself included. If you are unfamiliar with SRE, check out [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reliability_engineering) and [Google's blog](http://googleforstudents.blogspot.com/2012/06/site-reliability-engineers-worlds-most.html).

In the past I worked in San Francisco, CA on Google Cloud Storage and Google Compute Engine, doing similar things to what I do now.

#### Software Engineer - August 2011 to September 2012

As a Software Engineer at Google, I worked on Punchd, Google Offers and Google Local in Mountain View, CA.

### Punchd, Mountain View, CA

#### Software Developer - January 2011 to July 2011

I was [Punchd](http://getpunchd.com)'s backend and operations engineer until we were acquired by Google in July 2011. Once at Google I continued to maintain Punchd's servers, backend API and web frontend. I also helped implement a version of Punchd built on Google's infrastructure, but it was never released.

### iFixit.com, San Luis Obispo CA

#### Software Developer - April 2009 to April 2011

I wore a variety of hats including -- but not limited to -- writing code to promote high quality content and a stable community, helping keep servers afloat, and working with users to develop content. I wrote code mainly in PHP and Bash, and helped maintain our fleet of servers on Amazon's EC2 Service. 

 * Helped create a site-wide reputation community, which began with [iFixit.com/Answers](http://ifixit.com/Answers)
 * Helped maintain various servers, located on Amazon EC2, and local development machines
 * Developed the first JavaScript widget for iFixit's API.
 * Redefined iFixit's developer workflow

<!--
### Adobe Systems Incorporated, San Francisco CA

#### Dreamweaver Quality Engineering Intern - Summer 2007 and 2008

 * Tested both daily builds and released versions of Dreamweaver against various operating systems - including Mac OSX 10.4, Mac OSX 10.5, Windows Vista, and Windows XP.
 * Helped maintain the Server Matrix, Bug-base, and test a new test case application
 * Helped develop and test the Web Widgets Feature for Dreamweaver CS4, which won the "Dreamweaver Community Feature of the Year" award in 2008.
-->

### BSA Camp Oljato, Lakeshore CA

#### Nature Director - Summer 2006
#### Camp Counselor - Summer 2002, 2003 and 2004

 * In charge of four staff members and responsible for planning the activities behind and maintaining the entire Nature area at camp, with an average of about 200 kids every week for seven weeks per summer.
 * Taught merit badge classes such as wilderness survival, camping, hiking, and others to children ages ten to eighteen.

Commit message:

Update Google to past tense

resume.md, after:

# Nathaniel Welch

 * <nat@natwelch.com>
 * <http://natwelch.com>

## Background

I am a software developer with an interest in communication and design. I enjoy experimenting with new things to expand my knowledge and I believe that creating ways for people to share knowledge is one of the greatest goals for mankind. 

I am an Eagle Scout and in my free time I enjoy contributing to open source projects, hiking, reading and listening to music.

My goal is to obtain a software development job at a small company, focusing on launching and building software for the web.

## Education

Computer Science, B.S.  
Fall 2006 - Spring 2011  
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo  

## Proficiency

I have been writing code, running servers and experimenting with new software since 2002. Most recently the majority of code I have written has been in Java, Ruby, Python and Bash, but I have experience in PHP, Javascript, Go, C, SML/NJ, SQL and F#.

## Experience

### Open Source Developer

I currently am a contributor to the open source project [fog](http://fog.io) and also a bunch of [other small projects](https://icco.github.io/).

### Google.com

#### Site Reliability Engineer - April 2012 to March 2015

I worked as an SRE for [Google Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/compute/) in London and San Francisco. My job included being part of an oncall rotation and writing software to maintain, monitor and optimize hundreds of thousands of servers globally. I also spent a decent amount of time analyzing processes used by the teams I worked closely with to try and automate people out of a job, myself included. If you are unfamiliar with SRE, check out [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reliability_engineering) and [Google's blog](http://googleforstudents.blogspot.com/2012/06/site-reliability-engineers-worlds-most.html).

While on SRE I also spent some time working [Google Cloud Storage](https://cloud.google.com/storage/) and designed and built [Google Cloud Status](https://status.cloud.google.com/).

#### Software Engineer - August 2011 to September 2012

As a Software Engineer at Google, I worked on Punchd, Google Offers and Google Local in Mountain View, CA.

### Punchd, Mountain View, CA

#### Software Developer - January 2011 to July 2011

I was [Punchd](http://getpunchd.com)'s backend and operations engineer until we were acquired by Google in July 2011. Once at Google I continued to maintain Punchd's servers, backend API and web frontend. I also helped implement a version of Punchd built on Google's infrastructure, but it was never released.

### iFixit.com, San Luis Obispo CA

#### Software Developer - April 2009 to April 2011

I wore a variety of hats including -- but not limited to -- writing code to promote high quality content and a stable community, helping keep servers afloat, and working with users to develop content. I wrote code mainly in PHP and Bash, and helped maintain our fleet of servers on Amazon's EC2 Service. 

 * Helped create a site-wide reputation community, which began with [iFixit.com/Answers](http://ifixit.com/Answers)
 * Helped maintain various servers, located on Amazon EC2, and local development machines
 * Developed the first JavaScript widget for iFixit's API.
 * Redefined iFixit's developer workflow

<!--
### Adobe Systems Incorporated, San Francisco CA

#### Dreamweaver Quality Engineering Intern - Summer 2007 and 2008

 * Tested both daily builds and released versions of Dreamweaver against various operating systems - including Mac OSX 10.4, Mac OSX 10.5, Windows Vista, and Windows XP.
 * Helped maintain the Server Matrix, Bug-base, and test a new test case application
 * Helped develop and test the Web Widgets Feature for Dreamweaver CS4, which won the "Dreamweaver Community Feature of the Year" award in 2008.
-->

### BSA Camp Oljato, Lakeshore CA

#### Nature Director - Summer 2006
#### Camp Counselor - Summer 2002, 2003 and 2004

 * In charge of four staff members and responsible for planning the activities behind and maintaining the entire Nature area at camp, with an average of about 200 kids every week for seven weeks per summer.
 * Taught merit badge classes such as wilderness survival, camping, hiking, and others to children ages ten to eighteen.
